Adding important note (#27)
AdobeDocs/commerce-operations.en: help/upgrade/upgrade-compatibility-tool/integrate-analysis-tool.md

Click **[!UICONTROL Download Report]** to retrieve the [!DNL Upgrade Compatibility Tool] [HTML report](../upgrade-compatibility-tool/reports.md#html-report) and review the details.

> ## Note

Reviewer: ```suggestion

>[!NOTE]
>
```

> When running the [!DNL Upgrade Compatibility Tool] through the [!DNL Site-Wide Analysis Tool] it is executed to optimize your results and help you focus on those issues that are new and critical for your target upgrade. It uses the "--ignore-current-version-compatibility-errors" option as described [here](../upgrade-compatibility-tool/use-upgrade-compatibility-tool/run.html?lang=en#optimize-your-results) and it always shows results comparing your project's version with the latest released version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Running the [!DNL Upgrade Compatibility Tool] through the [!DNL Site-Wide Analysis Tool] optimizes your results and helps you focus on issues that are new and critical for your target upgrade. It uses the [`--ignore-current-version-compatibility-errors`](../upgrade-compatibility-tool/use-upgrade-compatibility-tool/run.html?lang=en#optimize-your-results) option and always shows results comparing your project's version with the latest released version.
```

Click **[!UICONTROL Download Report]** to retrieve the [!DNL Upgrade Compatibility Tool] [HTML report](../upgrade-compatibility-tool/reports.md#html-report) and review the details.

>[!NOTE]
>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
